Add large bin foreground analysis issue (#2337)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/user-docs/common-issues.rst

Most of the time using ``setxkbmap us`` solves the issue, but it might
not be enough and require a more advanced Xorg configuration.

Initial Analysis takes a long time or Cutter UI freezes
-------------------------------------------------------

> Cutter and radare2 currently don't work very well with large and very large binaries.
> Exact limits depend on the content of binary, but roughly a few MB can be considered large
> and may take a few minutes to analyze. More than 100MB is very large,
> analysis with default settings will likely take a very long time and it might occasionally
> freeze UI during usage.
> If the analysis takes longer than 5-15 minutes it is recommended to retry it with different
> analysis options. See radare2 documentation about `analysis<https://radare.gitbooks.io/radare2book/content/analysis/intro.html>`_
> to learn more about commands and options that can be used to more selectively analyze only
> the relevant parts of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cutter and radare2 currently don't work very well with large and very large binaries.
The exact limits depend on the content of the binary, but roughly a few MB can be considered large
and may take a few minutes to analyze. More than 100MB is very large,
analysis with default settings will likely take a very long time and it might occasionally
freeze the UI during usage.

If the analysis takes longer than 5-15 minutes it is recommended to retry it with different
analysis options. In the "Load Options" dialog, move the analysis slider to the right in order to reach
the "Advanced Analysis" view. This view will help you learn more about the options that can
be used to more selectively analyze only the relevant parts of code.
```

I would also add an image of the slider and the view after this paragraph. You can add a caption that notes the user that this view can look different on different version of Cutter

Author: @ITAYC0HEN we can avoid the image by adding the link @karliss suggested (or adding a link to the loading widget docs) because it'll be outdated very soon with labels(leaving caption feels like old docs :))

Reviewer: I don't like linking Cutter users to the mysterious radare2 documentation. If you come up with a better solution, then sure :)

Author: Yes! I think we're missing docs about `Load Options`. If we have that we can link that here.
